Project / Website Title:
Jordan Kangleon's Gaming Rig

Introduction:
This website is created in order for people to have an idea about my current gaming setup as well as appreciating the awesome things Razer has to offer. I hope that they enjoy themselves while reading through my experience using different hardwares.

Developer:
	Name: Jordan Kangleon
	Contact Info: 09177719736 / jordankangleon@gmail.com
	
Intended User / Client:
	My intended users are basically everyone that is interested enough to browse through the pages showcasing different hardwares of my setup.

Site Design:

I. Structure or Site Map
	Home
	Keyboard
	Mouse
	Headset
	Other Hardwares
	Catalog
	View Profile
	Logout

II. Functional Requirements
	There is currently a log-in function that is mandatory in order to gain access to the site. For other features, I have included multi-colored buttons as well as a drop down menu on the upper left of the screen for easier navigation within the site, as well as implementing a search catalog for the people who are curious about some information about Razer and their gear.

	II.
	All photos were taken from Google.com and Razerzone.com and do not intend to visually represent my setup.
	All codes are not intended to steal, but rather to share, and do not aim to have any financial business whatsoever.
	

Project Timeline and Deadline:

	Activities	[Static]		Date [Static]
	Planning			Wednesday, Sept. 20, 2017
	Development		Wednesday, Sept. 20 - Friday, Sept 22. 2017
	Documentation		Friday, Sept. 22, 2017
	Submission		Friday, Sept. 22, 2017


	Activities	[Dynamic		Date [Static]
	Planning			Saturday, Dec. 9, 2017
	Development		Monday, Dec. 10, 2017 - Tuesday, Dec. 12, 2017
	Documentation		Tuesday, Dec. 12, 2017
	Submission		Tuesday, Dec. 12, 2017

Source Codes:
	I have used bootstrap's "jumbotron" as well as creating my own css file and javascript file using W3schools as a guide.
	The exercises that were done in the Lis161 class gave this project what it needed to survive. I would like to thank both Ma'am Sonia and Sir PJ for their style of teaching that instills understanding rather than memorizing the concepts of the course.
	I would also like to acknowledge the great help of 1BestCsharp and his source codes in creating the search catalog on the website.
